The Crust On Its Uppers
Derek Raymond
1
‘SUCH are the blessings of peace that we might almost be on the eve of war.’
This remark, muttered to himself by the demonstrative old gentleman indulging in a leg-show on the bench opposite, woke me up. In times gone by, when I was a little boy in knee-pants, my father used to make cryptic comments like that. In those days bigotted old men usually wore tweed caps, had hobbies like brass rubbing and collected first editions too ineffective to be offensive. Today, though, they’re apes of the young, at least superficially. This one was wearing a dark-red linen suit with suede shoes and trying to look trendy; but I happen to be able to spot the elder generation a mile off – it’s one of the few things I picked up in evening classes on His Majesty’s Service – and this old boy, despite his studied air, gave me a head full of fatigues and footslogging in the rain, of one cold morning in a far-off barracks square with the sergeant pouring in nickel shot at five yards’ range from his stupid, cramped mouth. He was one of the regiment of embittered old businessmen, bankers perhaps, who waste their time buying, selling and exchanging memories of the grand death that never actually came for them although, God knows, they tried often enough to find it.
I looked at the thing on the seat by him – a black 1935 model Corona with handles that came apart in the middle if you opened them.
‘Having trouble, Dad?’ I said.
‘It’s the bloody war,’ he said.
‘What war?’
‘You know, that little local difficulty back in the ’forties,’ said this agonized old prick. He feared he had discovered a fault inside his typewriter and was attacking it with a thing like a small sickle which I later learned was a screwdriver. His bony fingers shook with choler, and he wailed: ‘Look at that!’ I looked obligingly. ‘ Oh, the inelegance, the bloody inelegance of it! Truth and Beauty are doomed, my boy.’
I yawned. ‘I suppose that’s what comes of losing two of them,’ I said.
‘Don’t catch,’ he said. ‘I played in a defence area, deep cover point. I had to go forward on the armoured link-up on D + 180.’ He hadn’t been out of England, you could tell – he was too old even then. Most of the war he had probably spent playing at cryptograms in the Cabinet war-rooms, while a few of us were still being born to the brave new world he had been helping to prepare while he whitewashed the railings in case Jerry came over to win, hoping and praying he would. I suppose the few officers there ever were must have had an awfully good scene in the war; but then few of them lived.
‘Where is it you think you are?’ I said. ‘The Somme or Waterloo station?’
He looked me full in the face then, putting down his weapon. ‘There is a war within us all, my friend,’ he whispered, ‘to which none of the accepted rules apply, and whose cause not even our Creator himself understands.’
‘Hasn’t He sent you any field-postcards?’
He ignored this, though. ‘And the greatest war of all – has it ever occurred to you, young man, that Love is the weapon that kills quickest?’
‘Every tart in Paddington could tell you that.’
So could the high-ups, like this character. They could all have told me, in their own jargon, which is why I started packing up the pretty boxes of my childhood and stuffing them with firecrackers almost before I could walk. I commented: ‘Truth is the knuckle-duster with real class – that’s what I was always taught.’ I moved away down the platform; I could see him there in his red among the black crowd, struggling and failing with the antique Corona’s innards, a suspended, useless old gentleman. No doubt a banker, or a colonel in the Intelligence Corps. The train came in unexpectedly from behind a puff of smoke which framed the old boy, leaving him looking steamily like a period piece, for seconds before it got him, ballooning among the crowd.
Love and war – there the old swine was wrong. Things in my life had only ever happened to me through money. It was money that had taught me all the fine and delightful distinctions that heart and brain and hate have got to know before they can ever hear of the joy of the noose; everything else – love, war, games, jobs, telly – was just some kind of a hanky waved in the face of a man with a cough.