In the 19th century, social modernization emerged as one of the main trends in France. This era was characterized by an upsurge in which type of struggle?
A. Strengthening of absolute monarchy and church control
B. Penetration of idealist philosophy and democratic ideals
C. Rise of workers' movements and democratic upsurge
D. Widespread dissemination of proletarian revolutionary theory
Answer:

C

The conditions required for the combustion of matter include: 
A. Fuel and oxidant 
B. Fuel and ignition source 
C. Fuel, oxidant, and ignition source 
Which one is the correct answer?
Answer:

C

What product is formed when hemoglobin is broken down by heme oxygenase?
A. Porphyrin
B. Bilirubin
C. Biliverdin
D. Bile pigment
Answer:

C

What does the time of tooth eruption specifically refer to?
A. The time when the crown of the tooth is completely exposed from the gums
B. The time when two-thirds of the crown of the tooth has emerged from the gums
C. The time when the tooth begins to break through the gums
D. The time when the tooth can first be seen protruding from the gums
Answer:

C

Which of the following equipment installation projects fall under the category of medium-risk sub-projects for construction projects?
A. Lifting and hoisting operations using unconventional lifting equipment or methods
B. Installation engineering activities with lifting equipment loads reaching 300kN and above
C. Installation work for construction hoists
D. Installation projects for lifting equipment with a lifting capacity of 200kN and above
Answer:

ABC

To which of the following categories do Keshan disease and Kashin-Beck disease belong?
A. Infectious diseases
B. Geochemical diseases
C. Poisoning diseases
D. Nutritional deficiency diseases
E. None of the above
Answer:

B

In the process of electric motor manufacturing, what types of electrical insulation materials are commonly used?
A. Organic insulating materials
B. Composite insulating materials
C. Inorganic insulating materials
D. Gas insulating materials
Answer:

ABCD