In a more elaborate example (the second), we have:

- "I am a small, green creature." - a green small thing? Could be a "green mouse" (like a mouse is small? Actually a mouse is not green, but a "frog" is small and green. Could be a "green mouse".

- "You can see a lot of me on television, especially on the news." Could be "the green screen" as used in TV. Or "green" as in "green TV" or "green news"? Or "green" as in "green" used to indicate "environmental news".

- "I am a small, green creature... You can see a lot of me on television, especially on the news." Could be "the small green figure on news tickers: the 'green arrow' that indicates trending stories." Actually there is a "Green tick" used on news. Or "the 'smiling green face' on the news" as in "the cartoon green man on the 'Green Screen' news show."

This is not clear.

But maybe the riddle's answer is "the color green" used to designate something? Actually the riddle: "I am a small, green creature. You can see a lot of me on television, especially on the news. I have a very long name, but I am a little person. I am a little green creature with very long name. I'm the smallest of all my type, but I do the work of a bigger one in a larger family." Actually the riddle could be about a "green tiny 'micro' something".

Wait, "The smallest of all my type, but I do the work of a bigger one in a larger family" suggests a "microprocessor" that does the job of a bigger "processor" in a "family" of chips.

Alternatively, the riddle might be "the 'green' 'tiny' 'caterpillar' 'the 'green' 'caterpillar" that is small but does the job of a bigger 'caterpillar' in a 'family' of 'caterpillars'. Actually, "caterpillars" can be in families like "Sphingidae" (hawk moths) and "Hesperiidae" (skippers). "The smallest of all my type" might refer to "smallest moth" in the family "Sphingidae" (hawk moth) which is "the smallest hawk moth, the 'Sphinx' something? But the bigger one in the large family would be the "Sphinx" or "Sphinx moth".

Wait, "Sphinx"? Actually, "Sphinx moth" is large. The smallest of all "Sphinx" species might be "Sphinx moth" with long name?

But maybe it's "The 'green' 'caterpillar' "The 'Green Apple' 'the smallest '?

Let's parse: "I am a small, green creature". Could be "A green 'mole' (a small rodent). But the "small, green creature" might be "the 'green' "Green Mongoose"? Actually "the small green Mongoose" is the "green ringed" something. But "on television, especially on the news" - "green Mongoose" could be "the 'green' 'Mongoose' used for "Mongoose the news anchor" or "the green 'Mongoose' used on 'The Simpsons'.

Let's think: maybe the riddle is about "The 'Green 'M' 'The 'Green 'M' "?

Actually, this might be a "Riddle about the 'Green 'M' 'the 'Green 'M'".

Wait, what about "The 'Green 'M' 'Green 'M'?

Alternatively, "the 'Green 'M' "?

But the riddle says "I have a very long name, but I am a little person." So the creature has a long name but is small. The riddle might be about a "small animal with a long Latin name" such as "the green tree frog" or "the green tree frog" (Hyla cinerea). But the news may show "green tree frog" in a segment about "green frogs".

But "I am a little green creature with a very long name" might be "The green tree frog 'Hyla cinerea' " which is small but does the work of a larger "tree frog" family.

But "the work of a bigger one" could be that "the small frog helps in controlling insect population like bigger frogs do." But maybe it's about "the 'green' 'greenish' "?

Wait, maybe it's about "the 'Mighty Green Microorganism' " such as "green microbe 'Cyanobacteria' " but the "smallest in my type" is "Bacillus