How many ways to choose 5 vertices (unordered) of a regular 25-gon such that the corresponding convex pentagon does not contain any of the 25 vertices of the 25-gon in its interior? Equivalent to choose 5 vertices from 25 such that spread them evenly around circle?*

We can treat selection of 5 vertices such that the chosen set is not 'convex hull containing interior of some vertices'? Actually all chosen vertices produce convex pentagon; but interior points of the pentagon: we want ensure that no other of the 25 vertices lie in the interior of resulting pentagon. Equivalent to that all 20 non-chosen vertices lie outside pentagon. Since pentagon may be concave relative to the circle? Pentagons from vertices of 25-cycle will be convex with respect to circle? Actually any polygon with vertices chosen along circle will be convex. The circle is concave? For points on circle, the polygon is convex. Indeed, because the circle's center lies inside polygon? Wait.

Take any 5 points on circle: they form a convex pentagon. Now consider any other point among 25 on circle. Will it lie inside or outside that pentagon? It may lie inside if polygon spans arcs covering angles > 180? Actually if we choose 5 vertices with gaps of at most floor(25/2)?? Let's compute: The polygon's interior includes all points on circle between the chosen vertices along the smaller arcs? The set of vertices such that they circumvent the circle as you go around. The polygon interior includes points inside the circle, not along the perimeter. But a vertex of the 25-gon is on the circle. Could a vertex on circle lie in interior of convex pentagon? The convex pentagon's interior is a subset of the circle's disk; but its boundary includes arcs of circle? Wait pentagon's sides are chords; the interior lies inside the disk, but also includes some portion of the circle's boundary? Actually the pentagon's boundary does not include arcs of the circle. So a vertex on circle is either on the boundary of pentagon if it's one of the chosen vertices, or interior (inside the disk) or outside the disk but still on circle; but the polygon interior, being inside, does not include points on circle except chosen vertices. So requirement "no 25-gon vertex in interior" basically means there shouldn't be any other vertex among the 20 remaining which lies inside the pentagon. But given vertices on the circle, only points internal to the convex polygon are the ones inside the hexagon area. Actually those are points inside polygon, but are some of the remaining vertices of the 25-gon outside polygon? They might be outside if the chosen vertices don't "span" around the entire circle.

Observation: For a convex polygon inscribed in a circle, a point on the circle will lie inside the polygon if and only if its angle with respect to center is between two consecutive chosen vertices that are such that the chord connecting them goes 'inside' the polygon. Wait overcomplicated.

Simpler: A vertex sequence chosen along circle defines arcs between consecutive chosen vertices along circumference. Suppose arcs lengths are a1, a2, a3, a4, a5 (in number of edges/distance along circle). For any vertex on circle not chosen, it lies on one of these arcs. For that vertex to be inside pentagon, the arc must be less than 180 degrees? Actually, a vertex lying within pentagon if the polygon 'wraps' around it: That happens if the point is located inside polygon's convex cone. Equivalent that the vertex's arc between the two neighboring chosen vertices that bound it along circle has measure less than 180? Let's think more concretely:

Consider polygon formed by connecting points in the order they appear on circle. So polygon boundary is those chords. The interior region is inside circle. Take a vertex among set not chosen. Its position on circle is between two consecutive chosen vertices along circle. Will that point lie inside or outside polygon? Suppose the arc between the neighboring chosen vertices containing the point is less than 180 degrees: The point lies outside polygon? Actually if the neighboring chosen vertices span less than 180 degrees, the chord between them is a chord that is part of pentagon boundary. The point lies on arc outside, but maybe inside? For arcs > 180 degrees, the chord is 'far' and point lies inside? Let's analyze simple case: Suppose choose 3 vertices of hexagon; the triangle's interior contains the vertex opposite to side that is inside if the opposite vertex lies on larger arc? Wait for triangle inscribed in circle: interior of triangle comprises the region of circle that lies on 'shorter' arcs between pairs of vertices? Not; but for triangle, any point of circle not a vertex will lie outside triangle except possibly those on arcs interior to triangle? Actually for triangle