This was an important week for the international community as they continued their efforts to ensure accountability for the use of chemical weapons in Syria. Programs under Article XXI of the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC), which was created to verify the destruction of chemical weapons and to prevent their use, have had mixed success from their inception. In 2013, after apparent chemical weapons use in Syria, the international community urged Syria to join the convention. Following the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW)’s investigation into the use of sarin nerve gas in Ghouta that year, CWC signatories negotiated a framework for the destruction of Syria’s declared chemical weapons stockpiles under the convention’s Article VII verification procedures.
Since then, Syria’s continued use of chemical weapons has prompted the OPCW to install fact-finding missions, investigate specific attacks, and issue reports confirming chemical weapons use in 2014, 2015, 2017, 2018 and 2019. The OPCW and, specifically, the International Partnership Against Impunity for the use of Chemical weapons (IPA), has also initiated various programs under Article XXI to assign blame and impose consequences for these violations. These have included state responses through the United Nations Security Council as well as between individual states who have imposed sanctions, expelled Syrian diplomats, and launched targeted military strikes.
Fact-finding missions and investigations into chemical weapons use in Syria have confirmed what many believed – that the regime does not respect the CWC. But just because the international community has continued to invest in Article XXI measures to clarify accountability, whether by attribution through fact-finding or investigation or by unilateral consequences from states, does not mean these measures will be effective going forward. Without meaningful punishment for violations of the ban on chemical weapons use – including stricter sanctions, international criminal referrals, or better coordinated military responses – the international community risks their continued normalization in Syria’s conflict. Past Article XXI mechanisms have not been enough to dissuade use.
So these new accountability measures must increase both the deterrent and the punitive measures. Given the failure to punish past clear violations, states must not only do more individually, but must also better coordinate their responses as a group to make their signals both more effective and credible. That is because the threat of consequences must be felt not only by Syria, but also by other states who might consider using chemical weapons in the future.
Because Syria is not the only country using chemical weapons. Beyond Syria, the international community is also tracking recent reports of use in Yemen by both Houthi and Saudi-led forces and ongoing concerns about Iraq’s and Egypt’s suspected non-comppliance with the CWC. The deterrent failure in Syria cannot be repeated – otherwise, the power of CWC itself and its ability to forestall future use in conflicts globally will be undermined.
The momentum for accountability this week can become a deterrent if the international community upholds it. But if these steps are empty, perhaps more pointed non-compliance measures are needed to compel states to properly meet their obligations.
About the Author(s)
Eleanor Bounds is Senior Program Officer at Harvard Kennedy School’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs. She has previously worked at the Harvard Humanitarian Action Lab and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. She also serves as Editor-in-Chief of International Affairs Review at George Washington University’s Elliott School of International Affairs, where she also lectures. She holds an M.A. in International Affairs from George Washington University and a B.A. in Government from Wesleyan University. Her research interests include nonproliferation, international security, sanctions, and biosecurity. Eleanor recently completed the Applied Practice in Washington Diplomacy (APGD) fellowship at the Office of Cooperative Threat Reduction (DTRA) where she worked on integrated foreign assistance programs.
Her areas of expertise include: Mexico, Central America, Security and Technology, Global Finance, Governance, Migration, Cryptocurrency and Internet Governance. You can find her on Twitter @CeciliaFarley.