This Neighbor Will Do Anything To Distract The Military
We are currently in a standoff between Russian and Ukrainian forces in northern Crimea. As the Ukrainian military is getting its gear in place to thwart Russian advancements, a Ukrainian man has been distracting the Russian troops with some Taylor Swift.
According to the Kyiv Independent, from the nearby village of Chonhar, a Ukrainian man has been blasting the American pop star’s hits, such as “Cruel Summer” and “Blank Space,” toward the border. He and his neighbor are hoping to distract and annoy Russian troops to keep them from sleeping and give the Ukrainians the upper hand.
According to Radio Free Europe’s investigative unit, Crimea Sos, this man told investigators, “We welcomed them with music from morning till evening. We made a playlist. We have already made a contribution, and now it’s the army’s turn.”
It must be working since his sound system is now being targeted, but he remains in good spirits. “They are shelling in my direction. The speaker was left in Russian-style tatters,” he said. “I have to replace it.” He also joked, “Maybe they don’t like our music. But [Ukrainian President Volodymyr] Zelensky is like us. He also likes music like me. I hope Zelensky will support us and send us some speakers. We need them. We need new speakers.”
Neighbors in the south also seem to have a taste for American pop music. According to Crimea Sos, another neighbor is also using his speaker to play music toward the border. A female resident of the region was quoted saying, “My neighbor plays songs. In the evening, at night, early in the morning. I don’t know the authors or the titles of the songs, but they are all in Russian.” What she is hearing is classic Russian and Soviet pop music from Sergey Lazarev and Tima Belorusskih.
Officials are asking people to not do this since it makes them targets for Russian shelling.
The tensions were amplified after Russia destroyed the Kakhovka dam on June 6, resulting in extensive flooding in the region and cutting off a water supply to the Crimean Peninsula.
Tracking the movements of Russian forces in the region, the Institute for the Study of War (ISW) published a report on Wednesday saying Russian forces are continuing preparations to defend against a potential Ukrainian ground attack into the occupied territory.
“Russian forces continued to conduct defensive operations in east (left) bank Kherson Oblast on June 14 in anticipation of a potential Ukrainian counteroffensive,” the report says. “Ukrainian forces conducted a series of ground attacks across the Dnipro River near the Antonivsky Bridge in east (left) bank Kherson Oblast on June 13 and 14 and are likely establishing a foothold near the bridgdeep intelligence analysis to The Daily Wire and become a subscriber, supporting rollover coverage.